let's call this video the resurrection
oh my god where's my fart can guess
where it's going next there isn't really
any difference between a 200 sex and a
Nissan stanza or no Sentra sensor that's
what it is so out with the old in with
the new now we just go to install that
we got a cool flag because hog had some
complaints because he had his upside
down there's an upside down this is
right oh yeah that's right yeah you
gotta know when you're a star which way
to put your star yes you're not a star
yet that's all there is to it you don't
never know it'll be one you're just a
redneck that's what that's what that's
what so life after death I guess reborn
and silver sweet now here's our redneck
hot rod 18 horse overhead valve clash
bar does she do wheelies a little bit
little bit
alrighty like we got to see we got to
see that's the funky air filter like
where's the oh there's where the air
comes in cool I'm a redneck snorkel used
to be a husky I see it's a slow-moving
vehicle or it used to be right or they
think it is that's what the cop thing
okay let's see how slow this thing can
move in full speed
a weak battery lots of compressions oh
yeah
Bertie slow
baby
no he's doing the track
now I guess you can't take that hard
corner straight line it
she's got competition I see
looks like we have some felt issues I
mean the breakdown
where's your fuck 10
how many years just sing sat before you
got it looks like Wow let's see this -
holy crap
390 one thousand kilometers Wow
but look I don't like this car because
you cannot have a beer in cigarette at
the same time cigarettes are bad for you
but he was CD player all for 50 bucks
gotta love it and we got a spare motor
for my other car so hurry up and break
the boxes gonna have the motor okay but
don't burn up my parking lot I'm gonna
hurry
she's got no gas
first high-speed run
all that needs is the furqan should be
amazing
I'm impressed with how fast those 1.6 is
can go
so not this thing again